[ZH/EN] Add osu! FumoFumo Cup tournament articles (#12244)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/OFFC/cirno/en.md

---
tags:
  - OFFC cirno
  - cirno
  - "OFFC: cirno"
  - OFFC
---

# osu! FumoFumo Cup: cirno

![OFFC: cirno logo](img/logo.png)

> The **osu! FumoFumo Cup: cirno** (***OFFC: cirno***) is a 4v4 double-elimination osu!standard tournament hosted by ::{ flag=CN }:: [kitakore](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33887163), which is also the inaugural season of OFFC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **osu! FumoFumo Cup: cirno** (***OFFC: cirno***) is a 4v4 double-elimination osu!standard tournament hosted by ::{ flag=CN }:: [kitakore](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33887163). It is the inaugural season of the osu! FumoFumo Cup tournament series.
```

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2024-08-10/2024-08-30 |
| Team-up phase | 2024-08-20/2024-09-06 |
| Quarterfinals | 2024-09-09/2024-09-17 |
| Semifinals | 2024-09-18/2024-09-30 |
| Finals | 2024-10-01/2024-10-07 |
| Grand finals | 2024-10-08/2024-10-20 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | One MeowPad for each team member (provided by *DESU.Life*) |

Reviewer: might want to add a link to MeowPad here, as it's not really clear to the readers what a "MeowPad" is on the first glance

something like this :

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/071cff47-45a1-4e2f-8947-c3642df2d6c1)

| Top three teams | Corresponding KanonBot badge for each team member |
| All players | Title in OFFC official QQ group, animated profile banners (team customized) |

> Apart from prizes above, the following players chosen by members in the OFFC official QQ group would also be awarded with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the prizes above, the following players as chosen by members in the OFFC official QQ group will also be awarded with:
```

| Commentator | ::{ flag=CN }:: [_eilphy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15175276), ::{ flag=CN }:: [5atori Komeiji](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/34282059), ::{ flag=CN }:: [Akari Date](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32701801), ::{ flag=CN }:: [Amrzs0971](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30973609), ::{ flag=CN }:: [Dr_Shindo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30895664), ::{ flag=CN }:: [eric1388](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20384257), ::{ flag=CN }:: [FroZZZZZen](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29235972), ::{ flag=CN }:: [kitakore](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33887163), ::{ flag=HK }:: [lelxdme](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13795588), ::{ flag=CN }:: [My Angel Kuroe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13217389), ::{ flag=CN }:: [Naughty_chas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15349720), ::{ flag=CN }:: [Nosenso](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30329943), ::{ flag=HK }:: [[SHK] Arcadia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13888511), ::{ flag=HK }:: [stllok](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14817468) |

> | Showcase Replay Provider | ::{ flag=CN }:: [Ledeau_Fox](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15816872) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Showcase replay provider | ::{ flag=CN }:: [Ledeau_Fox](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15816872) |
```

## Links

- [OFFC official website](https://offfc.github.io)
- [Match reference book (Tencent Docs)](https://docs.qq.com/doc/DV2VOWlZJdFZWZUpB)
- [Tournament discussion](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1961114)
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/YYprGehNxD)
- [Matchup table](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14ZFqYajLDRjr863hDo5n5xvGQMoDZPmNwJycgQXr3YQ/edit?gid=868349196#gid=868349196)
- **[OFFC: cirno Main spreadsheet (Google Docs)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14ZFqYajLDRjr863hDo5n5xvGQMoDZPmNwJycgQXr3YQ)**
- **[Tournament match information](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14ZFqYajLDRjr863hDo5n5xvGQMoDZPmNwJycgQXr3YQ/edit?gid=1807200006)**

## Participants

| Team # | Name | Members |
| :-: | :-: | :-- |

> | **#1** | 沟槽的烤翅还在开战舰追我 | [**Dura**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5185609), [ayaponzu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13291701), [suzuka1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29785618), [bad kitten](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13875116), [NaimuTongzi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8883892), [chanliuko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32289237), [Fyu_Neru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6699436), [MyAngelMizuki_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15154497) |

Reviewer 2: I think these should have flags near usernames. Looking at a few, some members are from different countries.

See https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Tournaments/IDC/2020#participants for example, still done even if everyone is in the same country.

- FreeMod
  1. [TAG underground - POSSESSION [Ex]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2244350#osu/4771156)
  2. [Feryquitous - Qavsell [Otosaka's Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/794102#osu/3987302)
  3. [goreshit - Satori De Pon! [Kiarah's Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1550807#osu/4683469)
  4. [Pa's Lam System - Like A Lady [AncuL's Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/675600#osu/1706356)
- Extra
  1. [Magnetude - I'm For You [Extra: Steklovata]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1133651#osu/3886335)
  2. [Ogura Yui - Clear Morning [Daybreak]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1644119#osu/3355984)
  3. [VeetaCrush - Dandelion's Daydream (Extended Mix) [384's "Void" Another]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1342167#osu/3214255)
  4. [Halozy - Kanshou no Matenrou [Eternal]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/179699#osu/431957)

### Semifinals

**[Download the mappack here! (Size: 142 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YsNGC8y2GK0DX9Pv0yvBLe55dG4TFXMd/view)**

| Column / Row | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 |
| :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| 1 | DT3 | FM3 | HD1 | DT2 |
| 2 | DT1 | NM4 | FM1 | HR1 |
| 3 | HR2 | HD2 | NM2 | FM2 |
| 4 | NM3 | FM4 | DT4 | NM1 |

- NoMod

>   1. [Zektbach - Apocalypse ~dirge of swans~ [Apocalypse of the Mind]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1936602#osu/4002902)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. [Zektbach - Apocalypse \~dirge of swans\~ [Apocalypse of the Mind]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1936602#osu/4002902)
```

- Extra
  1. [t+pazolite - Twisted Twit [Storm]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/498466#osu/1061134)
  2. [Shijin no Chi - BEATIN' LOVE [M i X & flake's Unrequited Love Expert]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1680535#osu/3579127)
  3. [EastNewSound feat. nayuta - Hiiro Gekka, Kyoushou no Zetsu -1st Anniversary Remix- [Extra Stage]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1483410#osu/3042458)
  4. [Masayoshi Soken - In The Balance [Aglaia]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1880199#osu/3870876)

## Match results

### Quarterfinals

Match time: 15 September 2024 ~ 17 September 2024

| Team 1 | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-- | :-- |
| 内有小南梁 | **沟槽的烤翅还在开战舰追我** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115502939) |
| **Pingu\~Pingu\~** | Helicopter | [#2](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115504458) |
| 身为pp刷子因没练图而成了传说 | **这是什么** | [#3](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115518198) |
| **Bingo!** | 诟撡𤷙𣧏𡣀𠔑𡉄𫟺㻵𧂂𨾻𠪧 | [#4](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115528531) |

### Semifinals

Match time: 21 September 2024 ~ 29 September 2024

| Team 1 | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-- | :-- |
| **这是什么** | Bingo! | [#5](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115660580) |

> | Pingu~Pingu~ | **沟槽的烤翅还在开战舰追我** | [#6](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115676257) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Pingu\~Pingu\~ | **沟槽的烤翅还在开战舰追我** | [#6](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115676257) |
```

| 身为pp刷子因没练图而成了传说 | **诟撡𤷙𣧏𡣀𠔑𡉄𫟺㻵𧂂𨾻𠪧** | [#7](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115662073) |
| **Helicopter** | 内有小南梁 | [#8](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115576295) |

## Ruleset

> For more information about the rules of **OFFC: cirno**, please turn to our Simplified Chinese wiki page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the rules of **OFFC: cirno**, please refer to our Simplified Chinese wiki page.
```
